He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
The old apple revels in its authority.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
She advised him to come back at once.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
Flying fish few by the space station.
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
